what's up Ellen Justin here I'm on my
way to go surprise page she says she's
my biggest fan she's 15 and where he or
she has no clue I'm here so let's go hi
my name is Paige convoy and this is my
room you know it gives I only biggest
Justin Bieber fan because he's gorgeous
I love his hair I love everything about
him this music is amazing and very
inspirational I I've had a coastal
that's my mole forever you have to like
him can't like not like him really shown
people in the world he can do then with
him every single step of the way one
that's been an amazing ride here we go
okay motivational them all there again
there you go easy for you no I'm not
kidding come here yeah love you thank
you thank you I'm glad I kotori I
surprised you oh my god you guys you're
my room you're my neighborhood oh my
gosh this is amazing did you make this
oh yeah a very high thinking nice you
got the Never Say Never I did one of you
yeah I'm good you're gonna go see the
movie yes she's freaking out don't freak
out oh my god thank you good picture
having it all right listening picture
this is for you Paige our love you know
sinners yeah and you know what oh you
and your family gets come to Ellen
tomorrow you excited you're speechless
oh thank you i love you too Thank You
ivy rose here we go oh my god we get it
out and we did it she's coming tomorrow
and so we'll see her and are so that's
how we do it Alan thank you so much for
helping me do this piece
before the floor bring Paige down here
your grandfather was crying watching
that that's so touching to me that that
you were so moved that what he does for
people i love that you love him that
much i love that's right that's amazing
what a try
I mean I don't blame you you got to be
so proud of him all right Paige come on
down here
hi I don't know why I'm putting a
Michael we're not gonna be able to talk
here either are you hi okay hi hi all
right kind of a prepaid see do this
right your hearts beating fast so you're
saying that was fun is this more fun be
yeah we didn't even have to send you
there we could have just called her down
and she's out on your lap and she's ok
but
uh what did you feel like when he walks
into your bedroom I was shaking I didn't
know he was coming at all I saw him and
I thought I was dreaming I'd thank you I
couldn't believe it at all I couldn't
sleep last night I went about like 430
yeah I mean really he was in your
bedroom I couldn't go to school today no
no this is exciting right he has one
more surprise for you do you yes do you
know um my premiere today tonight right
tonight you coming
you're gonna have to scale
Oh